Making OCS enabled by default for new installs (#4811)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 10.2.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Update - Makes the Optimized Checkout Suite feature enabled by default for all new installations

Reviewer: Nit: I think we can simplify the description a bit.
```suggestion
* Update - Enable the Optimized Checkout Suite feature for all new installations
```
